it happened after this that the king of
the people of ammon died and Haman his
son reigned in his place then David said
I will show kindness to hainan the son
of Nash as his father showed kindness to
me so David sent by the hand of his
servants to comfort him concerning his
father and David's servants came into
the land of the people of almond and the
princes of the people of almond said to
hainan their Lord do you think that
David really honors your father because
he has sent comforters to you has David
not rather sent his servants to you to
search the city despite out and to
overthrow it therefore hainan took
David's servants shaved off half their
beards cut off their garments in the
middle at their buttocks and send them
away when they told David he sent to
meet them because the men were greatly
ashamed and the King said wait at
Jericho until your beards have grown and
then return when the people of almond
saw that they had made themselves
repulsive to David the people of almond
scent and hired the Syrians of Beth
Briana and the Syrians of Zopa 20,000
foot soldiers and from the king of
America 1000 men and from ich tub twelve
thousand men by when David heard of it
he sent Joab and all the army of the
mighty men then the people of Amun came
out and put themselves in battle array
at the entrance of the gate and the
Syrians of zobo that rehab ishtam and
merca were by themselves in the field
when Joab saw that the battle line was
against him before and behind
he chose some of Israel's best and put
them in battle array against the Syrians
and the rest of the people he put under
the command of a Bashar his brother that
he might set them in battle array
against the people of Amun then he said
if the Syrians are too strong for me
that you shall help me but if the people
of ammon are too strong for you and I
will come and help you be of good
courage and let us be strong for our
people and for the cities of our God and
made a lure do what is good in his sight
Sojo have and the people who were with
him drew near for the battle against the
Syrians and they fled before him
when the people of ammon saw that the
Syrians were fleeing they also fled
before a bashar and entered the city
so Joab returned from the people of Amon
and went to Jerusalem when the Syrians
saw that they had been defeated by
Israel they gathered together then had a
teaser a scent and brought out the
Syrians who will beyond the river and
they came to heal up and show back the
commander of a Haddadi tzer's army went
before them when it was told David he
gathered all Israel crossed over the
Jordan and came to heal him and the
Syrians set themselves in battle array
against David and fought with him then
the Syrians fled before Israel and David
killed 700 charioteers and forty
thousand horsemen of the Syrians and
structure back the commander of their
army who died there and when all the
kings who were servants - had a Deezer
saw that they were defeated by Israel
they made peace with Israel and served
them so the Syrians were afraid to help
the people of ammon anymore